Name: CVE-2011-3684
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3684
Phase: Assigned (20110923)
Category: 
Reference: MISC:http://www.solutionary.com/index/SERT/Vuln-Disclosures/Tembria-Server-Monitor-XSS.html

Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Tembria Server
Monitor before 6.0.5 Build 2252 allow remote attackers to inject
arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the siteid parameter to
logbook.asp, (2) the siteid parameter to monitor-events.asp, (3) the
siteid parameter to reports-config-by-device.asp, (4) the siteid
parameter to reports-config-by-monitor.asp, (5) the siteid parameter
to reports-monitoring-queue.asp, (6) the action parameter to
site-list.asp, the (7) siteid or (8) type parameter to
event-history.asp, the (9) siteid or (10) type parameter to
admin-history.asp, the (11) siteid or (12) id parameter to
dashboard-view.asp, the (13) siteid or (14) dn parameter to
device-events.asp, the (15) siteid or (16) submit parameter to
device-finder.asp, the (17) siteid or (18) dn parameter to
device-monitors.asp, the (19) siteid or (20) type parameter to
device-views.asp, the (21) siteid or (22) type parameter to
monitor-views.asp, the (23) siteid or (24) sel parameter to
reports-list.asp, the (25) siteid, (26) action, or (27) sel parameter
to monitor-list.asp, or the (28) siteid, (29) action, or (30) sel
parameter to device-list.asp.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


