Name: CVE-2017-5217
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-5217
Phase: Assigned (20170109)
Category: 
Reference: CONFIRM:http://security.samsungmobile.com/smrupdate.html#SMR-JAN-2017
Reference: BID:95319
Reference: URL:http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/95319

Installing a zero-permission Android application on certain Samsung
Android devices with KK(4.4), L(5.0/5.1), and M(6.0) software can
continually crash the system_server process in the Android OS. The
zero-permission app will create an active install session for a
separate app that it has embedded within it. The active install session
of the embedded app is performed using the
android.content.pm.PackageInstaller class and its nested classes in the
Android API. The active install session will write the embedded APK
file to the /data/app directory, but the app will not be installed
since third-party applications cannot programmatically install apps.
Samsung has modified AOSP in order to accelerate the parsing of APKs by
introducing the com.android.server.pm.PackagePrefetcher class and its
nested classes. These classes will parse the APKs present in the
/data/app directory and other directories, even if the app is not
actually installed. The embedded APK that was written to the /data/app
directory via the active install session has a very large but valid
AndroidManifest.xml file. Specifically, the AndroidManifest.xml file
contains a very large string value for the name of a permission-tree
that it declares. When system_server tries to parse the APK file of the
embedded app from the active install session, it will crash due to an
uncaught error (i.e., java.lang.OutOfMemoryError) or an uncaught
exception (i.e., std::bad_alloc) because of memory constraints. The
Samsung Android device will encounter a soft reboot due to a
system_server crash, and this action will keep repeating since parsing
the APKs in the /data/app directory as performed by the system_server
process is part of the normal boot process. The Samsung ID is
SVE-2016-6917.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


