Name: CVE-2017-3568
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-3568
Phase: Assigned (20161206)
Category: 
Reference: CONFIRM:http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/security-advisory/cpuapr2017-3236618.html
Reference: BID:97835
Reference: URL:http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/97835

Vulnerability in the Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services
component of Oracle Hospitality Applications (subcomponent: OPERA
Printing and Login). Supported versions that are affected are 5.4.0.x,
5.4.1.x, 5.4.2.x, 5.4.3.x, 5.5.0.x and 5.5.1.x. Difficult to exploit
vulnerability allows unauthenticated attacker with logon to the
infrastructure where Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services
executes to compromise Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services.
Successful attacks require human interaction from a person other than
the attacker. Successful attacks of this vulnerability can result in
unauthorized creation, deletion or modification access to critical
data or all Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services accessible
data as well as unauthorized access to critical data or complete
access to all Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services accessible
data and unauthorized ability to cause a partial denial of service
(partial DOS) of Oracle Hospitality OPERA 5 Property Services. CVSS
3.0 Base Score 6.5 (Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability
impacts). CVSS Vector: (CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:H/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:L).


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


