Name: CVE-2017-1000106
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-1000106
Phase: Assigned (20171003)
Category: 
Reference: CONFIRM:https://jenkins.io/security/advisory/2017-08-07/

Blue Ocean allows the creation of GitHub organization folders that are
set up to scan a GitHub organization for repositories and branches
containing a Jenkinsfile, and create corresponding pipelines in
Jenkins. Its SCM content REST API supports the pipeline creation and
editing feature in Blue Ocean. The SCM content REST API did not check
the current user's authentication or credentials. If the GitHub
organization folder was created via Blue Ocean, it retained a
reference to its creator's GitHub credentials. This allowed users with
read access to the GitHub organization folder to create arbitrary
commits in the repositories inside the GitHub organization
corresponding to the GitHub organization folder with the GitHub
credentials of the creator of the organization folder. Additionally,
users with read access to the GitHub organization folder could read
arbitrary file contents from the repositories inside the GitHub
organization corresponding to the GitHub organization folder if the
branch contained a Jenkinsfile (which could be created using the other
part of this vulnerability), and they could provide the organization
folder name, repository name, branch name, and file name.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


