Name: CVE-2017-8215
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-8215
Phase: Assigned (20170425)
Category: 
Reference: CONFIRM:http://www.huawei.com/en/psirt/security-advisories/huawei-sa-20170807-01-smartphone-en

Honor 8,Honor V8,Honor 9,Honor V9,Nova 2,Nova 2 Plus,P9,P10
Plus,Toronto Huawei smart phones with software of versions earlier
than FRD-AL00C00B391, versions earlier than FRD-DL00C00B391, versions
earlier than KNT-AL10C00B391, versions earlier than KNT-AL20C00B391,
versions earlier than KNT-UL10C00B391, versions earlier than
KNT-TL10C00B391, versions earlier than Stanford-AL00C00B175, versions
earlier than Stanford-AL10C00B175, versions earlier than
Stanford-TL00C01B175, versions earlier than Duke-AL20C00B191, versions
earlier than Duke-TL30C01B191, versions earlier than
Picasso-AL00C00B162, versions earlier than Picasso-TL00C01B162 ,
versions earlier than Barca-AL00C00B162, versions earlier than
Barca-TL00C00B162, versions earlier than EVA-AL10C00B396SP03, versions
earlier than EVA-CL00C92B396, versions earlier than EVA-DL00C17B396,
versions earlier than EVA-TL00C01B396 , versions earlier than
Vicky-AL00AC00B172, versions earlier than Toronto-AL00AC00B191,
versions earlier than Toronto-TL10C01B191 have a permission control
vulnerability. An attacker with the system privilege of a mobile can
exploit this vulnerability to bypass the unlock code verification and
unlock the mobile phone bootloader.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


