Name: CVE-2017-9857
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-9857
Phase: Assigned (20170624)
Category: 
Reference: MISC:https://horusscenario.com/CVE-information/
Reference: MISC:http://www.sma.de/en/statement-on-cyber-security.html
Reference: MISC:http://www.sma.de/fileadmin/content/global/specials/documents/cyber-security/Whitepaper-Cyber-Security-AEN1732_07.pdf

** DISPUTED ** An issue was discovered in SMA Solar Technology
products. The SMAdata2+ communication protocol does not properly use
authentication with encryption: it is vulnerable to man in the middle,
packet injection, and replay attacks. Any setting change,
authentication packet, scouting packet, etc. can be replayed,
injected, or used for a man in the middle session. All functionalities
available in Sunny Explorer can effectively be done from anywhere
within the network as long as an attacker gets the packet setup
correctly. This includes the authentication process for all (including
hidden) access levels and the changing of settings in accordance with
the gained access rights. Furthermore, because the SMAdata2+
communication channel is unencrypted, an attacker capable of
understanding the protocol can eavesdrop on communications. NOTE: the
vendor's position is that authentication with encryption is not
required on an isolated subnetwork. Also, only Sunny Boy TLST-21 and
TL-21 and Sunny Tripower TL-10 and TL-30 could potentially be
affected.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


