Name: CVE-2017-2343
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-2343
Phase: Assigned (20161201)
Category: 
Reference: CONFIRM:https://kb.juniper.net/JSA10791
Reference: SECTRACK:1038904
Reference: URL:http://www.securitytracker.com/id/1038904

The Integrated User Firewall (UserFW) feature was introduced in Junos
OS version 12.1X47-D10 on the Juniper SRX Series devices to provide
simple integration of user profiles on top of the existing firewall
polices. As part of an internal security review of the UserFW services
authentication API, hardcoded credentials were identified and removed
which can impact both the SRX Series device, and potentially LDAP and
Active Directory integrated points. An attacker may be able to
completely compromise SRX Series devices, as well as Active Directory
servers and services. When Active Directory is compromised, it may
allow access to user credentials, workstations, servers performing
other functions such as email, database, etc. Inter-Forest Active
Directory deployments may also be at risk as the attacker may gain
full administrative control over one or more Active Directories
depending on the credentials supplied by the administrator of the AD
domains and SRX devices performing integrated authentication of users,
groups and devices. To identify if your device is potentially
vulnerable to exploitation, check to see if the service is operating;
from CLI review the following output: root@SRX-Firewall# run show
services user-identification active-directory-access domain-controller
status extensive A result of "Status: Connected" will indicate that
the service is active on the device. To evaluate if user
authentication is occurring through the device: root@SRX-Firewall# run
show services user-identification active-directory-access
active-directory-authentication-table all Next review the results to
see if valid users and groups are returned. e.g. Domain:
juniperlab.com Total entries: 3 Source IP Username groups state
172.16.26.1 administrator Valid 192.168.26.2 engg01 engineers Valid
192.168.26.3 guest01 guests Valid Domain: NULL Total entries: 8 Source
IP Username groups state 192.168.26.4 Invalid 192.168.26.5 Invalid
This will also indicate that Valid users and groups are authenticating
through the device. Affected releases are Juniper Networks Junos OS
12.3X48 from 12.3X48-D30 and prior to 12.3X48-D35 on SRX series;
15.1X49 from 15.1X49-D40 and prior to 15.1X49-D50 on SRX series.
Devices on any version of Junos OS 12.1X46, or 12.1X47 are unaffected
by this issue.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


