Name: CVE-2017-17910
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2017-17910
Phase: Assigned (20171226)
Category: 
Reference: MISC:https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/28ba71_6ecc3158975a484d827e935edda4fa17.pdf
Reference: MISC:https://www.trustworks.at/publications

On Hoermann BiSecur devices before 2018, a vulnerability can be
exploited by recording a single radio transmission. An attacker can
intercept an arbitrary radio frame exchanged between a BiSecur
transmitter and a receiver to obtain the encrypted packet and the
32-bit serial number. The interception of the one-time pairing process
is specifically not required. Due to use of AES-128 with an initial
static random value and static data vector (all of this static
information is the same across different customers' installations), the
attacker can easily derive the utilized encryption key and decrypt the
intercepted packet. The key can be verified by decrypting the
intercepted packet and checking for known plaintext. Subsequently, an
attacker can create arbitrary radio frames with the correct encryption
key to control BiSecur garage and entrance gate operators and possibly
other BiSecur systems as well ("wireless cloning"). To conduct the
attack, a low cost Software Defined Radio (SDR) is sufficient. This
affects Hoermann Hand Transmitter HS5-868-BS, HSE1-868-BS, and
HSE2-868-BS devices.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


