Name: CVE-2015-2142
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-2142
Phase: Assigned (20150227)
Category: 
Reference: MLIST:[oss-security] 20150227 Re: CVE-Request -- phpBugTracker v. 1.6.0 -- Multiple SQLi, stored/reflecting XSS- and CSRF-vulnerabilities
Reference: URL:http://www.openwall.com/lists/oss-security/2015/02/28/1
Reference: CONFIRM:https://github.com/a-v-k/phpBugTracker/issues/4

Multiple cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities in
Issuetracker phpBugTracker before 1.7.0 allow remote authenticated
users to (1) hijack the authentication of users for requests that
cause an unspecified impact via the id parameter to project.php, (2)
hijack the authentication of users for requests that cause an
unspecified impact via the group_id parameter to group.php, (3) hijack
the authentication of users for requests that delete statuses via the
status_id parameter to status.php, (4) hijack the authentication of
users for requests that delete severities via the severity_id
parameter to severity.php, (5) hijack the authentication of users for
requests that cause an unspecified impact via the priority_id
parameter to priority.php, (6) hijack the authentication of users for
requests that delete the operating system via the os_id parameter to
os.php, (7) hijack the authentication of users for requests that
delete databases via the database_id parameter to database.php, or (8)
hijack the authentication of users for requests that delete sites via
the site_id parameter to sites.php.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


