Name: CVE-2005-0066
Status: Candidate
URL: http://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2005-0066
Phase: Assigned (20050113)
Category: SF
Reference: MISC:http://www.gont.com.ar/drafts/icmp-attacks-against-tcp.html
Reference: BID:13124
Reference: URL:http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/13124

The original design of TCP does not check that the TCP Acknowledgement
number in an ICMP error message generated by an intermediate router is
within the range of possible values for data that has already been
acknowledged (aka "TCP acknowledgement number checking"), which makes
it easier for attackers to forge ICMP error messages for specific TCP
connections and cause a denial of service, as demonstrated using (1)
blind connection-reset attacks with forged "Destination Unreachable"
messages, (2) blind throughput-reduction attacks with forged "Source
Quench" messages, or (3) blind throughput-reduction attacks with
forged ICMP messages that cause the Path MTU to be reduced.  NOTE:
CVE-2004-0790, CVE-2004-0791, and CVE-2004-1060 have been SPLIT based
on different attacks; CVE-2005-0065, CVE-2005-0066, CVE-2005-0067, and
CVE-2005-0068 are related identifiers that are SPLIT based on the
underlying vulnerability.  While CVE normally SPLITs based on
vulnerability, the attack-based identifiers exist due to the variety
and number of affected implementations and solutions that address the
attacks instead of the underlying vulnerabilities.


Current Votes:
None (candidate not yet proposed)


